
                                  kclique


Function

   
   Largest clique program using clique


Description

   kclique is largest clique program
   utilizing "clique" methods provided in PHYLIP web service.

   Following block is a quotation from fclique included in PHYLIPNEW
   package.
     
     Finds the largest clique of mutually compatible characters, and the
     phylogeny which they recommend, for discrete character data with two
     states. The largest clique (or all cliques within a given size range
     of the largest one) are found by a very fast branch and bound search
     method. The method does not allow for missing data. For such cases the
     T (Threshold) option of PARS or MIX may be a useful alternative.
     Compatibility methods are particular useful when some characters are
     of poor quality and the rest of good quality, but when it is not known
     in advance which ones are which.
  
   PHYLIP web service is provided by National University of Singapore.
   Original web-service is located at the following URL:

   http://bioportal.bic.nus.edu.sg/phylip/clique.html

   This tools is a subset of Keio Bioinformatics Web Service (KBWS) package,
   which contains interfaces to bioinformatics web services through a proxy
   server at Keio University. kclique is thus an interface of "runClique"
   method included in KBWS SOAP service.
   This method can be alternatively accessed directly from programming languages
   as SOAP web service. Please refer to the KBWS online documentations
   http://soap.g-language.org/kbws/ for more information.

Usage

   Here is a sample session with kclique

% kclique
Largest clique program using clique
Input (gapped) sequence(s): test.fasta
Output file [55-110.kclique]:
Jobid: kbws_12547145
***********

Command line arguments

   Standard (Mandatory) qualifiers:
  [-sequence]          seqall     (Gapped) sequence(s) filename and optional
                                  format, or reference (input USA)
  [-outseq]            outfile    [.kclique] output filename

   Additional (Optional) qualifiers: (none)
   Advanced (Unprompted) qualifiers:
Input file format

  Input files for usage example

  File: sample.dat

       5    6
Alpha     110110
Beta      110000
Gamma     100110
Delta     001001
Epsilon   001110


Output file format

  Output files for usage example

  File: sample.kclique

  
Largest clique program, version 3.57c




Data files

   None.

Notes

   None.

References

   Felsenstein, J.,(1995) PHYLIP(Phylogeny Interface Package), version3.57c,
      Department of Genetics, University of Washington, Seattle.

   Swofford, D., et al.,(1996) Phylogenetic interface. In Hillis, D.M.,
      Moritz, C., and Mble, B.K.(eds), Molecular Systematics 2nd Edition,
      Sinauer Associates, Mss.

Warnings

   None.

Diagnostic Error Messages

   None.

Exit status

   It always exits with a status of 0.

Known bugs

   None.

See also

   seqret           Reads and writes (returns) sequences

Author(s)

   Kazuki Oshita (cory @ g-language.org)
   Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University
   252-8520 Japan

History

   2009 - Written by Kazuki Oshita

Target users

   This program is intended to be used by everyone and everything, from
   naive users to embedded scripts.

Comments

   None.
