
                                  kglimmer 



Function

   Generation of sequence logos using WebLogo

Description

   kweblogo is a sequence logo generator utilizing  WebLogo.
   WebLogo is a web based application designed to make the
   generation of sequence logos as easy and painless as possible.
   Sequence Logos are a graphical representation of an amino acid
   or nucleic acid multiple sequence alignment developed
   by Tom Schneider and Mike Stephens.

   kweblogo utilizing WebLogo web service provided by University of
   California, Berkeley. Original web-service is located at the following
   URL:

   http://weblogo.berkeley.edu/logo.cgi

   This tools is a subset of Keio Bioinformatics Web Service (KBWS) package,
   which contains interfaces to bioinformatics web services through a proxy
   server at Keio University. kweblogo is thus an interface of "runWeblogo"
   method included in KBWS SOAP service.
   This method can be alternatively accessed directly from programming languages
   as SOAP web service. Please refer to the KBWS online documentations
   http://soap.g-language.org/kbws/ for more information.

Usage

   Here is a sample session with kweblogo

% kweblogo
Generation of sequence logos using WebLogo
Input (gapped) sequence(s): test.fasta
Jobid: 7350341
****

http://soap.g-language.org/alis/result/7350341.png


Command line arguments

   Standard (Mandatory) qualifiers:
  [-sequence]          seqall     (Gapped) sequence(s) filename and optional
                                  format, or reference (input USA)

   Additional (Optional) qualifiers: (none)
   Advanced (Unprompted) qualifiers:
   -format             string     [png] specify file format. Value: 'png', 'gif',
                                  'eps', 'pdf'

Input file format

  kweblogo can use any genome sequence data that seqret can read.

Output file format

   The output from kweblogo is URL to download result image file.

Data files

   None.

Notes

   None.

References

   Schneider, TD., and Stephens, RM.,(1990) Sequence Logos: A New Way to Display
      Consensus Sequences, Nucleic Acids Res, 18, 6097-6100.

   Crooks, GE., et al.,(2004) WebLogo: A sequence logo generator, Genome Research,
      14, 1188-1190.


Warnings

   None.

Diagnostic Error Messages

   None.

Exit status

   It always exits with a status of 0.

Known bugs

   None.

See also

   seqret           Reads and writes (returns) sequences

Author(s)

   Kazuki Oshita (cory @ g-language.org)
   Institute for Advanced Biosciences, Keio University
   252-8520 Japan
   
History

   2009 - Written by Kazuki Oshita

Target users

   This program is intended to be used by everyone and everything, from
   naive users to embedded scripts.

Comments

   None.
